Jonathan Joestar
	The main protagonist of Phantom Blood, Jonathan is the son of 
	George Joestar I who carries his surname with pride while 
	striving to be a gentleman who never betrays his code of honor and 
	defending those in need even when at a grave disadvantage. 
	He is a passionate person, he wants to be the best at everything 
	that he does, whether it is fighting or even table manners. 
	Jonathan's life becomes one of misery when Dio Brando is adopted by 
	George, eventually resulting in his father's death as Dio sought 
	to kill both of them. This motivates Jonathan to learn how to 
	utilize Hamon energy from Will A. Zeppeli to settle the score with Dio, 
	though his power later increases drastically when a dying Zeppeli 
	transfers his remaining Hamon into him.

Dio Brando
	The main antagonist of the series, Dio is the son of the poor Dario Brando. 
	He becomes a member of the Joestar household with the intent of inheriting 
	it for himself. When this ultimately fails after Jonathan catches him in the act, 
	he uses the Stone Mask to transform himself into a vampire.

Will Anthonio Zeppeli
	Will A. Zeppeli was on a ship with a crew studying Aztec ruins as a young man, 
	when his father put on the Stone Mask and killed everyone in the crew but his son. 
	After this horrific event, Will travels the world in order to destroy the mask, 
	and sees a man cure someone using Hamon. Will is then directed to his master, Tonpetty, 
	who teaches him to use Hamon. However, Tonpetty foresees Will's death during his training, 
	warning him that should he complete his training he will surely die. He trains Jonathan in 
	Hamon after the Joestar's house burns down and joins him to destroy Dio and the mask.

Robert E. O. Speedwagon
	Robert E. O. Speedwagon first appears as an Ogre Street thug boss attacking Jonathan, 
	but soon realizes the young man's worthiness and dedication, becoming his good friend. 
	He helps uncover Dio's plot to poison George Joestar, and from that point onward remains 
	by Jonathan's side, helping in whatever way he could to defeat Dio.

References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_JoJo%27s_Bizarre_Adventure_characters#Part_1:_Phantom_Blood