Giorno Giovanna
	Giorno Giovanna is the human son of Dio Brando who retains the 
	Joestar bloodline as Dio was in possession of Jonathan Joestar's 
	body at the time Giorno was conceived, originally named Haruno 
	Shiobana before moving to Italy. Giorno aspires to overthrow the 
	Passione mafia's boss and rework the organization into one that 
	helps the Italian people, akin to Robin Hood's band, in contrast 
	to the sheer powerlust of its current leader, Diavolo. 
	He uses the Stand Gold Experience, which has the ability to 
	imbue things with life. After piercing his Stand with the arrow, 
	it turns into Gold Experience Requiem, a Stand that reverts actions 
	and willpower back to the state of "zero", completely nullifying them 
	and preventing them from becoming "real" (whether stand or non-stand), 
	effectively controlling causality, specifically keeping "cause" and 
	removing "effect". It keeps his life-giving abilities but evolves it 
	into a greater extent, with its strength and speed rivaling, if not 
	higher, than Star Platinum or The World.

Bruno Bucciarati
	Bruno Bucciarati is the caporegime of a gang within Passione. 
	He uses the Stand, Sticky Fingers, which can place a zipper on any object, 
	allowing entrance into it. Bruno can also use Sticky Fingers to separate 
	objects into smaller objects which can be zipped back together later and repaired.

Leone Abbacchio
	Leone Abbacchio is a former police officer, and a member of Bucciarati's gang. 
	He uses the Stand, Moody Blues, which can replay past history as a 3D 
	video recording which he and others can observe during a replay of the events, 
	although doing so leaves it temporarily defenseless.

Guido Mista
	Guido Mista is a member of Bucciarati's gang. He uses a revolver in tandem 
	with his Stand, Sex Pistols, which is composed of six small humanoids who 
	can control the bullets Mista shoots. The humanoids are numbered #1–#7, 
	with no #4, due to Mista's tetraphobia. Each of the pistols which make up 
	Mista's stand have their own individual personalities and internal conflicts 
	which Mista always tries to resolve.

Narancia Ghirga
	Narancia Ghirga is a member of Bucciarati's gang. He uses the airplane-like 
	Stand, Aerosmith, which is equipped with machine guns, bombs and a carbon 
	dioxide radar, allowing him to track down any opponent that breathes.

Pannacotta Fugo
	Pannacotta Fugo is Bucciarati's right-hand man in the gang. Fugo tends to 
	be erratic in mood, often breaking into short bursts of rage. He uses 
	the Stand, Purple Haze, which can release a virus that rapidly devours 
	organic matter. Purple Haze is indiscriminate in how its virus affects people, 
	damaging both friends and enemies alike (including Fugo himself). 
	Because of Purple Haze's dangerous ability, Fugo tends to avoid using it 
	until he runs out of other options in a fight.

Trish Una
	Trish Una is the daughter of Passione's boss, and is on the run from rival factions 
	within the mafia, such as the Hitman Team who wish to use her family ties to the 
	Boss to track him down. She uses the Stand, Spice Girl, which can increase objects' 
	elasticity, making them nearly indestructible.

Jean Pierre Polnareff
	Jean Pierre Polnareff is a French swordsman who traveled alongside Jotaro Kujo and 
	Joseph Joestar to defeat Giorno's father in 1988. Polnareff discovered the true identity 
	of Passione's boss while investigating the rise of drug-related crimes in his home country, 
	but was severely injured and left for dead after being overwhelmed by the boss' Stand. 
	He contacts Bucciarati's team after they betray the boss and offers them a way to 
	defeat the boss: a unique Stand Arrow (an object introduced in Diamond is Unbreakable) 
	that gives whoever uses it a completely new Stand ability. Polnareff wields the 
	extremely fast sword-wielding Stand, Silver Chariot, but when Diavolo forced 
	Polnareff's Silver Chariot to use the Stand Arrow on Sliver Chariot, his Stand 
	evolves into Chariot Requiem, which has the ability to swap the souls of living beings.

Diavolo
	Diavolo is the boss of Passione, and the father of Trish, intending to kill her to keep 
	his existence a secret, targeting Giorno's group after they refused to hand Trish over. 
	Diavolo uses the incredibly powerful Stand, King Crimson, which has the power to 
	partially affect the causality of the near future in relation to himself; allowing him 
	to negate processes, leaving only their consequences. Activating its power causes a 
	time skip, where everything except Diavolo and King Crimson is changed to be in the 
	state they would have been a few seconds later; for example, a bullet that would 
	have hit Diavolo will suddenly be shifted to be on his other side. Diavolo is 
	able to predict what will happen during the timeskip by using King Crimson's 
	second face, Epitaph; this sub-power can also be used by Doppio to see seconds 
	into the future.

Vinegar Doppio
	Vinegar Doppio is the Boss' younger, more innocent and eccentric underboss. 
	As a member of Passione, he thinks of himself as the most loyal subordinate to 
	Diavolo, but in reality, the two are separate souls inhabiting the same body. 
	During the course of the Part, he helps Diavolo to act and move around undetected. 
	It is ambiguous whether Doppio is truly a Stand User, but he is allowed to 
	wield both King Crimson's arms and Epitaph in battle.

References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Wind_(manga)#Characters