Jotaro Kujo
	Jotaro Kujo is the delinquent protagonist. He uses the Stand, Star Platinum, 
	whose power is incredible strength, speed, and precision. It is later revealed 
	that Star Platinum also has the power to stop time, which helps him during the final 
	battle with Dio.

Joseph Joestar
	Joseph Joestar is Jotaro's grandfather, and the title character of the previous 
	part of the series, Battle Tendency. He uses the Stand, Hermit Purple, which 
	allows him to produce thorny purple vines that can perform predictions through 
	electronic equipment such as Polaroid cameras or televisions 
	(although at the cost of destroying said equipment); he can also swing from 
	them or protect himself with them. He also still has access to Hamon, which was 
	his primary ability in Battle Tendency, and can use Hermit Purple as wires to channel Hamon.

Mohammed Avdol
	Mohammed Avdol is a fortune teller from Cairo, and an ally of Joseph and Jotaro. 
	He uses the Stand, Magician's Red, which allows him to manipulate fire.

Noriaki Kakyoin
	Noriaki Kakyoin is a former enemy turned ally of Jotaro, who uses the Stand, Hierophant Green,
	which he can unravel into threads to enter people and control them from the inside, or 
	perform a long-ranged attack using blasts of green energy known as Emerald Splash.

Jean Pierre Polnareff
	Jean Pierre Polnareff is another former enemy turned ally of Jotaro. Polnareff joins the 
	crew to avenge his younger sister, who was murdered by a man with two right hands. 
	Polnareff uses the Stand, Silver Chariot, which takes the form of an armored knight 
	wielding a rapier, excelling in fast swordsmanship and close-range fighting; his 
	Stand can shed its armor to increase its agility and speed exponentially. 
	He can also shoot his sword but only once in the battle.

DIO
	DIO, the main antagonist, is a vampire who previously appeared in Phantom Blood. 
	He uses the Stand, The World, a close-combat Stand, similar to Star Platinum, which is 
	capable of stopping time for brief intervals.

References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stardust_Crusaders#Characters