Joseph Joestar
	Joseph Joestar is the main protagonist and grandson of Jonathan Joestar. 
	Like Jonathan, he can use Hamon, though he is not initially as skilled in its 
	use as Jonathan was. He initially uses a pair of Hamon-empowered clackers in battle, 
	but he relies more on his wits than brute strength in fights, employing his uncanny 
	ability to predict his opponent's actions down to what they will say next. Joseph 
	makes return appearances in Stardust Crusaders and Diamond Is Unbreakable.
Caesar Anthonio Zappeli
	Caesar Anthonio Zeppeli is a suave ladies' man and the grandson of Jonathan 
	Joestar's teacher Will A. Zeppeli. He is rather cool and collected, especially 
	compared to Joseph, with whom he is grudgingly paired to fight the Pillar Men. 
	But over time, Joseph starts to grow on him so much that he is able to understand 
	his strange thought patterns and they form an unbeatable duo. He infuses the 
	Hamon into soap bubbles he creates with his specially-made gloves. Caesar 
	dies near the end, in way like his grandfather, giving Joesph the last of 
	his "Hamon" to help him defeat the rest of the pillar men.
Lisa Lisa
	Lisa Lisa, formerly Elizabeth, is a mysterious Hamon master who lives in Venice. 
	She is introduced as Caesar's Hamon teacher and later revealed to be the last 
	surviving master of the Hamon Tribe as well as Joseph's mother. She fights 
	by conducting Hamon through her specially made scarf.
Rudol von Stroheim
	Rudol von Stroheim is the commander of the Nazi forces who discovered Santana 
	in Mexico. He is responsible for not only saving the life of Speedwagon, but 
	also for trying to help Joseph defeat Santana by blowing himself up along with him. 
	He returns later as a cyborg to assist in the fight against Kars and his army.
Pillar Men
	The Pillar Men are from a race of ancient, humanoid, super-human beings. 
	These beings are now nearly extinct, but used to live hundreds of thousand of 
	years ago in the American continent. They are highly intelligent, extremely strong, 
	and able to manipulate their bodies to a very fine degree; however, they are 
	vulnerable to the rays of the Sun and to the Ripple.
	The four remaining representatives of this species in the world are Kars, 
	Esidisi, Wamuu, and Santana, in descending order of hierarchy, now called 
	"Pillar Men" since they were discovered sleeping inside stone pillars. 
	Led by Kars, this group awakens in 1938 to continue seeking out the Red Stone of 
	Aja, which, combined with their technology of the Stone Mask, will transform them into 
	"ultimate beings" immune even to the Sun. 

References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_Tendency
https://jojo.fandom.com/wiki/Pillar_Men