Josuke Higashikata
	Josuke Higashikata is the main protagonist and illegitimate son of Joseph Joestar. 
	He is a freshman who lives in the town of Morioh with his mother and grandfather. 
	He uses the Stand Crazy Diamond, which can not only punch rapidly, but also restore 
	objects to their original state or rearrange their structure, allowing him to heal injuries, 
	erase written documents, or revert complex structures to their raw components. 
	He becomes especially enraged if anyone ever makes fun of his pompadour hairstyle.

Koichi Hirose
	Koichi Hirose is Josuke's and Okuyasu's best friend and is also a freshman in high school, 
	but appears as a short boy. His Stand is Echoes, which has three distinct "ACTs". 
	ACT 1 and ACT 2 can replicate sound effects and attach them to anything, 
	which result in that happening to the object (e.g. attaching the word "whoosh" causes a 
	gust of wind to blow by) while ACT 3 loses the former abilities and gains the ability 
	"3-Freeze" which causes a target to become very heavy.

Okuyasu Nijimura
	Okuyasu Nijimura is one of the two Nijimura brothers who became friends with Josuke 
	Higashikata and Koichi Hirose after defeating a Stand user who murdered his brother. 
	His Stand The Hand, swipes with its right hand which erases whatever it swipes and it 
	can be used to erase space, drawing objects closer to Okuyasu.
Jotaro Kujo
	Jotaro Kujo is the protagonist of the previous story arc, Stardust Crusaders, 
	who travels to Morioh to find his grandfather's illegitimate son, Josuke Higashikata, 
	who is technically Jotaro's uncle despite Jotaro being older than him, as well as 
	investigate the crimes of a Stand user. His Stand Star Platinum: The World has 
	the ability to stop the flow of time temporarily.
Joseph Joestar
	Joseph Joestar is Josuke's father and Jotaro's grandfather who was previously the 
	protagonist of Battle Tendency and one of the main characters of Stardust Crusaders, 
	now an old man and nearly senile. He uses the Stand Hermit Purple which manifests 
	in the form of multipurpose thorny purple vines that allow him to divine information 
	through electrical equipment or be utilized as ropes.
Rohan Kishibe
	Rohan Kishibe is a famous manga artist who recently moved into a house in Morioh. 
	His Stand Heaven's Door, allows him to temporarily turn a person into a book, 
	with all of their memories written down akin to a novel. Rohan can read the memories, 
	learn their weaknesses and secrets, as well as write down commands that they must follow 
	(usually, "Can not attack Rohan Kishibe.") The power only activates when the target 
	sees Rohan's drawn artwork, but can also activate if Rohan draws something in the 
	air with his finger. Rohan also stars in his own spin-off one-shot series by Araki 
	called Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan.
Akira Otoishi
	Akira Otoishi is the main antagonist for the first half of the storyline, an 
	aspiring rock star guitarist who acquired his Stand Red Hot Chili Pepper 
	through Keicho's actions.
Yoshikage Kira
	Yoshikage Kira is the main antagonist for the second half of the storyline and a 
	mild-mannered serial killer who has been murdering women for over 15 years. 
	His Stand, Killer Queen, has the ability to completely disintegrate his victims 
	by explosion, leaving no evidence behind.
References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diamond_Is_Unbreakable#Characters